DealMakerAI
An AI-powered chatbot designed to negotiate prices and facilitate deals in an e-commerce or B2B context. This project leverages natural language processing and machine learning models to simulate a negotiation process, providing a conversational and engaging user experience.

Key Features
Price Negotiation Engine: The core of the application, which intelligently adjusts offers based on user input and predefined negotiation strategies.

Natural Language Understanding (NLU): The chatbot can understand user intents, recognize key entities (like prices and product names), and respond contextually.

Dynamic Product Integration: The system can be integrated with external data sources (like product_data.json or a web scraper) to provide real-time information for negotiations.

Conversational Interface: A user-friendly chat interface for seamless interaction.

Project Structure
app.py: The main Flask application file that handles routing, chatbot logic, and API interactions.

amazon_scraper.py: A script to scrape product data from Amazon, used to populate the initial product information.

product_data.json: A static file containing example product data for the negotiation bot to use.

requirements.txt: Lists all the necessary Python dependencies for the project.

static/: Contains static files such as CSS, JavaScript, and images for the frontend.

templates/: Houses the HTML templates for the web application, including the main chat interface.

Getting Started
Prerequisites
To run this project, you will need Python 3.x installed on your system.

Installation
Clone the repository:

git clone [https://github.com/juliKyada/DealMakerAI.git](https://github.com/juliKyada/DealMakerAI.git)
cd DealMakerAI

Create a virtual environment (recommended):

python -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate  # On Windows, use `venv\Scripts\activate`

Install the required packages:

pip install -r requirements.txt

Usage
Run the application:

python app.py

Open in your browser:
Navigate to http://127.0.0.1:5000 in your web browser to start interacting with the DealMakerAI chatbot.

Contributing
We welcome contributions! If you would like to contribute, please follow these steps:

Fork the repository.

Create a new branch (git checkout -b feature/your-feature-name).

Make your changes.

Commit your changes (git commit -m 'Add new feature').

Push to the branch (git push origin feature/your-feature-name).

Open a Pull Request.

License
This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for details.
